and the Colombian team will debut
Peru in the World Cup qualifiers
Russia 2018 will begin on 8
October and that will have the encounter between
Chile and Brazil as the most attractive
the day this Saturday he met the
Official fixture after a draw
developed in san petesburgo in
presence of Russian President Vladimir
putin and the president of the fifa joseph
later
this is the full calendar of the
South American qualifiers to Russia 2018
Date October 18 and 9, 2015
colombia versus peru chile versus brazil
argentina versus ecuador venezuela
versus Paraguay, Bolivia versus Uruguay
date 2 October 12 and 13, 2015
paraguay versus argentina so to see
your venezuela-ecuador versus bolivia
but versus chile versus Uruguay
Colombia
date 3 November 12 and 13, 2015
chile versus colombia argentina versus
Brazil-Ecuador versus Uruguay Bolivia
versus venezuela perú versus paraguay
date 4 November 16 and 17, 2015
colombia versus argentina paraguay
versus bolivia-brazil versus peru
venezuela versus ecuador uruguay versus
Chile
date 5 March 24 and March 25, 2016 chile
versus argentina-brasil versus
uruguay-ecuador versus paraguay bolivia
versus colombia peru versus venezuela
date 6 28 and March 29, 2016
colombia versus ecuador paraguay versus
brazil argentina versus bolivia
venezuela versus chile uruguay versus
Peru
date 7 1st and 2nd September 2016
colombia versus venezuela-paraguay
versus chile argentina versus
uruguay-ecuador versus brasil bolivia
versus peru
date 8 September 5 and 6, 2016
chile versus bolivia-brazil versus
colombia venezuela versus argentina peru
versus ecuador uruguay versus paraguay
date 9 7 and 8 October 2016
paraguay versus colombia-brazil versus
bolivia-ecuador versus chile peru versus
argentina uruguay versus venezuela
date 10 October 10 and 11 of 2016
colombia versus uruguay chile versus
peru argentina versus paraguay venezuela
versus Brazil Bolivia versus Ecuador
date 11 November 10 and 11 of 2016
colombia versus chile paraguay versus
peru-brasil versus argentina venezuela
versus bolivia uruguay versus ecuador
14 and dated 12 November 15, 2016
versus uruguay argentina versus
colombia-ecuador versus venezuela
bolivia versus Paraguay but
Brazil
date 13 23 and March 24, 2017
colombia versus bolivia paraguay versus
ecuador argentina versos chile-venezuela
verses peru uruguay verses brazil
date 14 27 and 28 March 2017
chile versus venezuela-brazil versus
paraguay-ecuador versus colombia bolivia
versus argentina peru versus uruguay
date 15 August 31 and September 1
of 2017
Chile versus Paraguay-Brazil versus
Ecuador versus Venezuela, Colombia
versus bolivia uruguay versus argentina
Date September 4 and 5, 2017
colombia versus brazil paraguay versus
uruguay argentina versus
venezuela-ecuador versus peru bolivia
versus chile
date 17 October 5 and 6, 2017
Colombia versus Paraguay versus Chile
ecuador argentina versus peru venezuela
versus uruguay bolivia versus brazil
date October 18 and October 10, 2010 and 7
paraguay versus venezuela-brazil versus
Chile-Ecuador versus Argentina but
versus colombia uruguay versus bolivia
yes
Y